This is the initial official release of code for the Meta DataApplication. 
This application allows privileged users to maintain HDB meta data through a 
user-friendly, Oracle Forms interface. On master/snapshot installations, the 
application propogates changed HDB_ meta data to the snapshot site with the 
press of a button. The application runs on Windows NT only.

This release contains SQL scripts (to be run on the database server) which 
manipulate the HDB schema to support  the application. (This includes the 
addition of users, privileges, database links, tables, and procedures, among 
other things.) The scripts to be run vary depending on the type of Meta Data 
installation (master, snapshot, or island) which needs to be created.

The release also includes a zip file containing all of the Oracle Forms 
executable files, compiled and ready to be installed on any Oracle-ready NT 
machine. 

Procedures for creating a Meta Data installation, setting up the NT machine 
for Oracle and installing the Forms code, and using the application, can be 
found on the HDB User's Page.

Note that installations already running the Meta Data Application (namely UC) 
need to install a newer version of Oracle Forms on their NT machine: Forms 6i.

UC and LC, whose database schemas are set up for the beta version of the Meta 
Data Application, must run the provided SQL scripts to bring their installations
in sync with this newer version. UC must run 
<RELEASE>/oracle_script/METADATA/release.script.uc, and LC must run 
/<RELEASE>/oracle_script/METADATA/release.script.lc. The syntax for running 
these scripts is:

sqlplus <dbaname>/<psswd> < <scriptName>

While this first version of the application is essentially fully functional, 
there are underlying enhancements yet to be made. Future versions will support 
master sites with more than one snapshot site, and, if the need is there, 
automatic (rather than user-initiated) refresh of snapshot data.



The remainder of this file documents the scripts in this directory. See the 
README files in MASTER_SITE and SNAPSHOT_SITE for documentation on the scripts
in those directories.

V_DBA_ROLES.sql: Creates the view v_dba_roles (a list of all password-required
roles). Used by every type of Meta Data installation.

V_DT_UT.sql: Creates the view HDB_DATATYPE_UNIT (a combined list of all
datatypes and units, used by the form for ref_agg_disagg). Used by every type
of Meta Data Installation.

V_SITEDT.sql: Creates the view v_hdb_site_datatype_name (a list of
site_datatype_ids paired with a text description for the SDI -- the site name
and datatype name concatenated). Used by every type of Meta Data Installation.

cg_ref_codes.ddl: Creates the table cg_ref_codes (a required remnant from this application being generated originally by Designer). Used by every type of Meta Data Installation.

get_pk_val_wrap.sql: Creates the function get_pk_val_wrap, which calls either
populate_pk_hdb.get_pk_val (always points to master installation), or
populate_pk_ref.get_pk_val (always points to local installation). This depends
on if the table in question is a ref_ or hdb_ table. Used by every type of
Meta Data Installation.

grant_meta_data_user_wrap.sql: Calls grant_meta_data_user (always on the
master site), passing in the indicated table name. Used by Master and Snapshot
installations.

pop_pk.spb: Creates the package body for populate_pk. Used by every type of
Meta Data Installation.

pop_pk.sps: Creates the package spec for populate_pk. Used by every type of
Meta Data Installation.

refresh_hdb_snap_wrap: Creates the procedure refresh_hdb_snap_wrap, which
calls run_refresh_hdb_snap (always on the snapshot). Used by Master and
Snapshot installations.


